The comeback performance of the song god Fan
At the finals of the underworld star
The masked song is amazing
He is a genius creator recognized by the entire music scene
A song makes a top-notch legend popular
That's him.
I have contacted
Ask him to create a song for you
As tomorrow's entry song
The next competition is a chorus
The four instructors will choose a singer to perform on the same stage
Then you just need to borrow this song
You can go back to good creation
Heard the lead song of the rising star
It will be selected as the annual Golden Melody Awards
Isn't this year's Golden Melody Award inevitable?
I really didn't expect Mr. Chen to have such connections
As expected of a gold medal producer who got into the entertainment industry
Who are the fans of the entertainment industry?
You pay for nothing
Even if you get the promotion day
You can't get rid of my words.